You will recall from
an earlier module about
Nyquist Sampling Theorem, there you could
take wise information and digitize it.
And this requires 12 to 14
bits to maintain tall quality.
The graph that you see on
the left hand side shows that for
signals that are very loud in
intensity on the positive side or
the negative side,
instead of a linear scale they use a log
scale to compress the data and
on the receiver you expand the data.
This is called Compression/Expansion,
or Companding.
And with 8 bits per sample,
instead of 12 to 14 bits per sample,
you could get tall quality voice.
And that requires,
when you're sampling at 8 kilohertz
per sample, at 8 bits per sample.
That's exactly 64 kilobits
per second of data.
That's for each wise channel.
A slight difference is between the North
American format and the European format.
When the exponential's on
the large scale they use Mu Law,
in Europe they use A-Law, and
you could have a bunch of
lines using time division.
On each couple, you could use
time division multiplexing to put
more than 1 wise cog, compared to before.
[COUGH] On the T1 lines
used in North America,
you have 24 wise calls on singular copper.
In Europe,
they use 32 channels on each line.
And this is essentially how the analog
wireless calls are transported
in digital format.